>> Kyle Simpson: Our final
unit of discussion for
the workshop is object orienting.
And I wanna make sure that we've
fully get the right scope if you
will of what we're gonna talk about.
So, let's look at the things
that we wanna address.
We need to first address the this keyword.
You're gonna get a chance to practice
that on your exercise in just a moment.
But why don't we get a chance
to practice this keyword?
But really, what we're getting out is we
need to understand the prototypes system
cuz that's how people implement
object oriented code in JavaScript.
Typically, they use the prototypes system.
And we're gonna look at the pro's and
con's of that approach.
We're gonna also look at the new class
key rid that was added in the ES6,
we're gonna look at why the class
key word helps with some things but
we're also gonna look at some problems
that the class keyword creates.
Overall, the outcome of that discussion
is I don't use the class keyword and
I don't recommend you do either.
I know that there's a ton of people that
are like following all over themselves,
excited about the class keyword.
I think it was a bad idea
to add to the language.
I think it actually created more
confusion rather than clearing it up.
And it only appears to be useful
because it fixes a few syntactic issues
while creating deeper conceptual problems.
So my takeaway in that is that
I don't use the class keyword.
As a matter of fact,
I've never even taught the class
keyword all up in to this point.
This is the first time I'm even
teaching it because I don't want to
make it sound like I'm endorsing
that I think you should use it.
But I also think it does you a disservice
if I don't explain what it's doing cuz
you're likely to see this in
lots of code that you work with.
So, I at least want you
to understand it but
I'm not endorsing that you
should do class or any code.
As a matter of fact, as we get
through this part of our discussion,
I'm gonna be pointing out that I don't
think class oriented design belongs in
JavaScript at all.
As a design pattern,
it just doesn't belong.
But I'm gonna replace it with something
that I think is a lot more natural.
And that design pattern is the behavior
delegation design pattern.
So rather than implementing inheritance
and using syntax or other kinds of tricks
to do that, I think we should be going for
behavior delegation.
The best way for me to describe the
comparison here, is to take the term OO,
which we know means object oriented.
Unfortunately, object oriented
really isn't object oriented,
it's really class oriented.
When people say OO,
they usually think of Java and C++.
That's the traditional
classical class implementation.
That's all about classes.
Now, notably Alan Kay, the inventor of
the [LAUGH] concept said, when I invented
object oriented, I did not have at
all in mind what they did with C++.
But it doesn't really matter
what Alan Kay intended because
most people that come to JavaScript come
to it through the path of Java or C++,
and that colors their opinion that
classes are done a certain way.
So we'll address what classes mean
from the perspective of most people's
experience.
And point out that OO is
really class oriented.
So I need to show you, what is delegation?
I need a catchy term for that, and
I can't use OO, so I used OLOO.
This is a comparison between OO
which stands for object oriented but
really means class oriented.
And OLOO which means,
objects linked to other objects.
Actually, OLOO is the real
true object oriented.
It really is oriented only around
objects and not around classes.
But unfortunately,
OO has already been taken, so OLOO.
So that's where we're going with our
discussion the rest of the workshop.